package Rinci::FAQ; # just to make PodWeaver happy

# DATE
# VERSION

1;
# ABSTRACT: Metadata for your functions/methods

__END__

=pod

=encoding UTF-8

=head1 NAME

Rinci::FAQ - Metadata for your functions/methods

=head1 VERSION

This document describes version 1.1.59 of Rinci::FAQ (from Perl distribution Rinci), released on 2014-10-22.

=head1 FAQ

=head1 General

=head2 Rinci::function

=over

=item * Why do you make enveloped result an arary instead of hash?

For example, a hash-based enveloped result can be something like:

 {status=>200, message=>"OK", result=>42, meta1=>..., meta2=>...}

This has the benefit of a single container, but I picked array because of the
brevity for simple cases (which are the majority), e.g.:

 [200]        # versus {status=>200}
 [200, "OK"]  # versus {status=>200, message=>"OK"}

When handling enveloped result, the array version is also shorter:

 if ($res->[0] == 200) { ... }
 # versus: if ($res->{status} == 200) { ... }

 print "Error $res->[0] - $res->[1]";
 # versus: print "Error $res->{status} - $res->{message}";

The hash version is more obvious for first-time reader, but after just some
amount of time, C<< $res->[0] >>, C<< $res->[1] >> will become obvious if you
use it consistently.

As a bonus, arrays are faster and more space-efficient than hashes.

=item * How do you indicate transient/temporary vs permanent errors?

Some protocols, like SMTP or POP, defines 4xx codes as temporary errors and 5xx
as permanent ones. This gives clue to clients whether to retry or not. HTTP,
which Rinci is modelled after, does not provide such distinction to its status
codes. However, Rinci defines a C<perm_err> result metadata that can be used for
such purpose, e.g.:

 [500, "Can't submit mail, we are being blocked by RBL", undef,
  {perm_err=>0}]

 [500, "Can't submit mail, destination address does not exist", undef,
  {perm_err=>1}]

=back

=head1 HOMEPAGE

Please visit the project's homepage at L<https://metacpan.org/release/Rinci>.

=head1 SOURCE

Source repository is at L<https://github.com/perlancar/perl-Rinci>.

=head1 BUGS

Please report any bugs or feature requests on the bugtracker website L<https://rt.cpan.org/Public/Dist/Display.html?Name=Rinci>

When submitting a bug or request, please include a test-file or a
patch to an existing test-file that illustrates the bug or desired
feature.

=head1 AUTHOR

perlancar <perlancar@cpan.org>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

This software is copyright (c) 2014 by perlancar@cpan.org.

This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the same terms as the Perl 5 programming language system itself.

=cut
