package Rinci::variable; # just to make PodWeaver happy

# VERSION

1;
# ABSTRACT: Metadata for your variables

__END__

=pod

=encoding UTF-8

=head1 NAME

Rinci::variable - Metadata for your variables

=head1 VERSION

version 1.1.44

=head1 RELEASE DATE

2014-04-27

=head1 SPECIFICATION VERSION

 1.1

=head1 INTRODUCTION

This document describes metadata for variables. This specification is part of
L<Rinci>. Please do a read up on it first, if you have not already done so.

=head1 SPECIFICATION

There is currently no metadata properties specific to variables.

=head2 Property: schema => SCHEMA

Specify the Sah schema that the variable's value must validate to. This can be
used by a variable wrapper (getter/setter generator) tool to make sure that
variable always contains valid values.

Example:

 # metadata for variable $Meaning_Of_Life
 {
     ...
     summary => 'The meaning of life',
     schema => [int => {between => [1, 100]},
 }

=head1 FAQ

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Rinci>

=head1 HOMEPAGE

Please visit the project's homepage at L<https://metacpan.org/release/Rinci>.

=head1 SOURCE

Source repository is at L<https://github.com/sharyanto/perl-Rinci>.

=head1 BUGS

Please report any bugs or feature requests on the bugtracker website L<https://rt.cpan.org/Public/Dist/Display.html?Name=Rinci>

When submitting a bug or request, please include a test-file or a
patch to an existing test-file that illustrates the bug or desired
feature.

=head1 AUTHOR

Steven Haryanto <stevenharyanto@gmail.com>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

This software is copyright (c) 2014 by Steven Haryanto.

This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the same terms as the Perl 5 programming language system itself.

=cut
